Add `osu!mania 4K World Cup 2025: Finals Recap` news post (#13773)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-09-26-osumania-4k-world-cup-2025-finals-recap.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu!mania 4K World Cup 2025: Finals Recap"
date: 2025-09-26 23:59:59 +0000
---

> The final bout is near! Heavy is the crown that wears a king, but heavier is the path to the MWC 4K throne.

Reviewer: I think this is referencing the "Heavy is the head that wears the crown" quote (sometimes used as just "heavy is the crown") but I can't see it fit with the current wording so this suggestion is a good alternative

As the match looked to be heading into a tiebreaker given the continuous back and forth, this was going to be the very last point Thailand would be able to steal from their rivals. South Korea was able to keep up their momentum from thereon and swipe victory from the hands of the Thai team. This was not to say it wasn't a close match either way, as Thailand gave them one hell of a fight as seen in maps such as [Kobaryo - Villain Virus [feat. Camellia]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2435350#mania/5308454) (HB1) with ::{ flag=TH }:: [konkawe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12046267) taking the spotlight with their 995k score.

With the match ending at 3–7, South Korea was able to return to the podium after a year. But they won't stop there! They still have a chance of victory, so long they manage to win against team ::{ flag=CN }:: China and against the current undefeated champions of the tournament: the ::{ flag=US }:: United States!

---

> This is it folks! Our second to last recap is over, which means we'll get to enjoy the last matches of this tournament very, very soon. We hope to see you in the [osulive](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) livestream as we spectate the very last skirmish between our last standing teams. Never too late to check the [tournament information page](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_4k) for more information about the tournament either.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is it folks! Our second to last recap is over, which means we'll be recapping the final results very, very soon. We hope you'll also be there as as we spectate the very last skirmish between the ::{ flag=US }:: United States and ::{ flag=CN }:: China this Sunday at 05:00 UTC on [osulive](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive)!
```
